group/CanAvsar_log.md, before:

# CS102 ~ Personal Log Page ~
****
## Can Avsar 
****

On this page I will keep a weekly record of what I have done for the CS102 group project. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

****

### April 6 - April 12
I enrolled the project repository made by Ayda, and tried to get familiar with GitHub with some help from my team members. Also downloaded GitHub Desktop application to my computer for working more efficiently.

### April 13 - April 19
I downloaded Android Studio on my computer and tried to understand it. Created an empty project for my experiments and made some changes in its settings.

### April 20 - April 26
I watched some videos to learn how to write code to take picture with camera and implement this code to the Android Studio.

### April 27 - May 3
I made some research and also enrolled an Udemy course which is about the basics of Android Studio. Watched a little, but trying to finish it as soon as I can.

### May 4 - May 11
I have started writed some code and continued to learn from the online course. It is a long course but when I finish it, I will have learned much about Android Studio. I and Ayda wrote some code about app's Projects page and made some design by adding some buttons and text panels.

Commit message:

Log Update
Added 11-17 and 18-24 May weeks.

group/CanAvsar_log.md, after:

# CS102 ~ Personal Log Page ~
****
## Can Avsar 
****

On this page I will keep a weekly record of what I have done for the CS102 group project. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

****

### April 6 - April 12
I enrolled the project repository made by Ayda, and tried to get familiar with GitHub with some help from my team members. Also downloaded GitHub Desktop application to my computer for working more efficiently.

### April 13 - April 19
I downloaded Android Studio on my computer and tried to understand it. Created an empty project for my experiments and made some changes in its settings.

### April 20 - April 26
I watched some videos to learn how to write code to take picture with camera and implement this code to the Android Studio.

### April 27 - May 3
I made some research and also enrolled an Udemy course which is about the basics of Android Studio. Watched a little, but trying to finish it as soon as I can.

### May 4 - May 11
I have started writed some code and continued to learn from the online course. It is a long course but when I finish it, I will have learned much about Android Studio. Me and Ayda wrote some code about app's Projects page and made some design by adding some buttons and text panels.

### May 11 - May 17
Ayda and me worked on AutoImageSlider class and we replaced some code with the new AnimationDrawable code which I found recently. Also, we added some buttons and features that enables user to change the animations speed and play it with a tap on the image. This changes made the last page a mini video player.

### May 18 - May 24
I added an About Momentum page which contains the information related to app and our names which can be entered directly from the main page.
