# CS102 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

****
### Meeting ~ (16th April 2020, thirty minutes)
****
**Present:** All  _**Absent:** None

**Discussion:** 
We distributed the workload of the project. We decided to have group meetings at Thursdays every week.

**ToDo:** 
We will all get familiar with Android Studio and GitHub.
From now on Ata will keep a record of what we did in the meetings.
Can and Eren will do research on the library of Android Studio and how we can implement a camera in our project.
Ayda, Beste and Ece will do research on how GUI works in Android Studio.

****
### Meeting ~ (23th April 2020, one and a half hour)
****
**Present:** All  _**Absent:** None

**Discussion:** 
We talked about mechanics of Android Studio, adding camera footage to app, design tools and possible class hierarchy of app.
We also ran our new simple Android Studio project.
A meeting planned for tomorrow to discuss our class hierarchies.

**ToDo:**
Everyone will come up with a UML diagram for class hierachies.
Further research will be done on Bitmap class.

****
### Meeting ~ (24th April 2020, thirty minutes)
****
**Present:** All  _**Absent:** None

**Discussion:** 
We discussed which classes we need by looking to our UI design and distributed the work of screens and their classes to group members.
We chose the most required screens (activities as they are called in Android Studio) that we will begin to code.

**ToDo:** 
Beste, Ata and Can will begin working on the chosen activities.
Eren, Ayda and Ece will work further on class hierarchy and MVC pattern we will use in
****

****
### Meeting ~ (3rd May 2020, one and a half hour)
****
**Present:** All  _**Absent:** None

**Discussion:** 
We talked about our knowledge about Android Studio and teached some of the attributes of IDE each other. Some of the attributes are creating new activities, new designs and their layouts, working on emulators and HAXM stuff.


**ToDo:**
Ata and Eren will design "New Project" and "Camera" activites and research about their required codes and libraries.
Can and Ayda will design "Projects" and "Existing Project" activities.
Beste and Ece will work on codes of "Projects" and "Video" classes.
Everyone will also continue to learn features of Android Studio.

****

****
### Meeting ~ (date, duration)
****
**Present:** All  _**Absent:** None

**Discussion:** 


**ToDo:** 

****
****

